[Music]
Hey
today losers
[Music]
yo will they take a rosette Brian Dundee
yep yeah really I think you say really
what do you mean done days lost in the
outback he is like that
North might stop nice
how big you mean his - you ever seen a
humpback whale give birth it's a
bloodbath
speak to me little guy well my dad told
me about this he was just like yeah I
just came up and you did that bit there
this okay I just don't think you can see
you from back here
I don't just on this newspaper son I in
this country
and dundies gonna learn who the most
dangerous animal in Australia is it's me
whatever
[Music]
my mom's side of the family are all jazz
musicians so kind of comes naturally
[Music]
yo will them tech rosette Brian Dundee
yep
really yeah really yeah yeah really
why do you keep saying really
I think it's working Mike
you're disturbing my mind energies you
can't speak when I'm doing this okay
it's gotta be super quiet just a
connection between me and the Beast okay
here we go
please don't say anything would I do it
this time okay yep could just sense that
you're about to say something and that's
already trying to mess up all the brain
energy stuff okay okay I just don't
think you can see you from back here
should we just go around my be whatever
[Music]
good day losers
that's not a knife that's a knife
look that look
[Music]